Welcome to heaven (ROCK) thunderbolt (ROCK)
City’s ROCK (ROCK) having fun is all that matters (ROCK)
No more worries (ROCK) hard nights (ROCK)
Hanging in until it's over, after pain comes joy (ROCK)
Trivial thoughts and worries okey-dokey
No more stupid stuff move, move
This is a beehive, bees everywhere
If you can’t hide from it, put up with getting stung
Burst your eardrums bang bang head banging with soaking wet hair
Tighten your belt and keep moving without stopping
Throw away the needless formalities
There are no boundaries in enjoying ourselves
A joy so great it’s immeasurable Good day
Lock lock unlock
Just feel the rhythm of the world
’Cause we will make it rock
Twist, turn and roll, throw yourself out there
Face all the noise of the world
Lalalala la lalalala
Just feel the rock We let it rock
(Lalalala la lalalala)
Just feel the luck We let it rock
Feel the tune rock rock rock
Till you go crazy Lalalala
Lalalala la lalalala
Inhale c’mon breathe oxygen, gotta move fast that body
Guitar, bass, drums, paint those nails pitch black
We gon’ rock rock, the moves don’t stop stop (go for rock)
Yeah we tick tock boom chiki ta
Shout into the mic, just enjoy, it’s music after all
Put a lock on your worries, this song is like medicine
Untie your hair, the genre itself is called joyful rock (oh yeah)
Mix a bit of everything on the empty stage
Stir it up over there, c’mon and transform yourself stunner
Bet you’ve never seen a stage like this, in a flash
Eyes are wide open
Show all you’ve got, don’t leave anything undone
Just feel the rhythm of the world
’Cause we will make it rock
Twist, turn and roll, throw yourself out there
Face all the noise of the world
Ready for anything, so sick
Wherever there is music Move and show it
Day and night, we live for rock oh shoosh
There’s nowhere to hide, we just crash
Bang bang make that noise
Blast away the silence and negative energy
Lalalala la lalalala
Just feel the rock We let it rock
(Lalalala la lalalala)
Just feel the luck We let it rock
Feel the tune rock rock rock
Till you go crazy Lalalala
Rock and roll
We dancing till we fall
No stopping here we go
24/7 keep it going on
Rock and roll
We dancing till we fall
No stopping here we go
Here we go